# Procyon-lotor
Create Article research
Article 1.
This article was written to show the importance of “the importance of the manipulation-curiosity-exploration type of motive” (Thackray and Michels). The hypothesis of this article was Curiosity and manipulation can be used to motivate the learning of simple position responses. The control was the Procyon Lotor. The independent variable was curiosity and manipulation, and the dependent variable was learning of simple position response. The research does not contain external validity. This cannot be applied to other aspects besides the Procyon lotor. My hypothesis for this article was raccoons show a higher manipulation than rats. 
Thackray, Richard I., and Kenneth M. Michels. “Externally-Aroused Drives in the Racoon.” Animal Behaviour, vol. 6, no. 3-4, July 1958, pp. 160–163, 10.1016/0003-3472(58)90046-0. Accessed 17 Mar. 2022.

Article 2.
This research article was written to determine the number of food resources available to raccoons and if they are adaptable. The hypothesis of this article was “Abundance and distribution of food resources can profoundly affect movements and spatial distribution of solitary carnivores. The control of this experiment was food resources. The independent variable was food, and the dependent variable was the abundance and distribution of food. The only issue found with this article is there were no cofounds. It was more research-based with graphs. My hypothesis for this article is raccoons in urban cities have better access to food resources than in rural areas.
Prange, Suzanne, et al. “Influences of Anthropogenic Resources on Raccoon (Procyon Lotor) Movements and Spatial Distribution.” Journal of Mammalogy, vol. 83, no. 3, June 2004, academic.oup.com/jmammal/article/85/3/483/901013, 10.1644/1383946. Accessed 15 Nov. 2019.

Article 3.
           The article was written to provide more research into neuroscience research regarding brain function and cognitive flexibility. The hypothesis of this article was similarities with primate brains. The control was the raccoon. The independent variable was the cytoarchitectural characteristics and the dependent variable was adaptive behavioral outcomes. The only issue with this article was there was no randomization but the article did provide external validity. It can be used to understand depression and its function within the brain. Linking the two could help researchers understand more about each. My hypothesis for this article is Raccoons show better problem-solving skills than other animals.
Jacob, Joanna, et al. “Cytoarchitectural Characteristics Associated with Cognitive Flexibility in Raccoons.” Journal of Comparative Neurology, vol. 529, no. 14, 20 June 2021, pp. 3375–3388, 10.1002/cne.25197. Accessed 18 Nov. 2021.


Article 4.
This article was written about the somatic senses in the cerebral cortex of raccoons. The article brings insight into the behaviors of raccoons and creates a neurological approach. The hypothesis of this article was “An animal which has unusual or specialized anatomical structures and behavioral attributes would be expected to show a corresponding specialization in certain aspects of its neural structure and function” (Welker and Seidenstein). The control was the cerebral cortex. The independent variable was the nervous system, and the dependent variable was behavioral specialization. My hypothesis for this article is Raccoons have a more complex prefrontal cortex than humans. The article lacked randomization.
Welker, W. I., and Sidney Seidenstein. “Somatic Sensory Representation in the Cerebral Cortex of the Racoon (Procyon Lotor).” The Journal of Comparative Neurology, vol. 111, no. 3, June 1959, pp. 469–501, 10.1002/cne.901110306. Accessed 4 May 2020.


Article 5. 
This article is about the current and future climate that is favorable towards Procyon lotor. The hypothesis for this article was “the latter forecasts appear more relevant and should be privileged in the development of conservation plans for ecosystems” (Louppe et al.). The control in this article was the population of raccoons. The independent variable was climate favorability while the dependent variable was rural and urban cities. The article had internal validity, it had subject matching, exposure and outcomes within the study, and the control. My hypothesis is Raccoons can adapt better to climates regions than other animals.
Louppe, Vivien, et al. “Current and Future Climatic Regions Favourable for a Globally Introduced Wild Carnivore, the Raccoon Procyon Lotor.” Scientific Reports, vol. 9, no. 1, 24 June 2019, 10.1038/s41598-019-45713-y. Accessed 8 Oct. 2021.



Create Chose Hypothesis
The hypothesis chosen is Procyon lotor shows a higher level of manipulation than rats. The experimental design that can be used is the independent group design. Because we are measuring behavior in the raccoons this design would be more beneficial when proving the success rate of higher manipulation in raccoons. Block randomization cannot be used in this experiment due to it being behavior analysis based. The experimental design would include two boxes with a complex maze design with the outcome being food. Since both animals are more prone to go after food this experiment will be easier to run with an outcome. One for Procyon lotor and genius Rattus. They would have to figure out how to get through the maze with obstacles in the way such as harsh light to access the reward, which in this case is food. Since the T-maze is most common in research and experiments with rats, we will use that. This design would have observation with intervention because we are manipulating both animals. In the first trial, we will observe the animal’s ability to complete the maze with no obstacles or challenges. The second trial is when we intervene and add harsh lighting to confuse or make it difficult for the animals to complete the T-maze. We would not have an interrupted time series design since this is not time-based. Interrupted time series is more over a period whereas this experiment is just based on cognitive function and externally aroused drives.



Create Research Ethics
Research ethics to be considered in this experimental design include whether is there a threat to internal validity. Does the outcome match my hypothesis? Could there be bias with the animals already? Procyon is harder to find because they are more active at night and in the summer. As a researcher, did we find enough research to back up our claims? Is there evidence to support everything? Do we know enough to conduct research experiments on this animal? Plagiarism within this research if it was to be published could be avoided by crediting authors and sources where it is necessary and citing them at the end of the research. Will the experiment be done in a controlled environment?  Another thing to consider is, is our sources creditable and has it been peer-reviewed. As a researcher, we also must respect the animal’s dignity and still handle them with care. Did we as researchers make sure this animal is not an endangered species?  We must follow state, and federal laws, and regulations regarding animals and their safety. The culture and values of animals need to be considered. Although they are non-human, they still have a background and a way of life that we must respect and contribute to. The animals involved will not have to experience any pain, but slight discomfort with the lighting. There will be no types of sickness or death-related causes within this research.



